WebView2 VS Code debugging corrections (#3383)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/how-to/debug-visual-studio-code.md

"webRoot": "${workspaceFolder}/path/to/your/assets"
```

> > Instead of setting `WEBVIEW2_ADDITIONAL_BROWSER_ARGUMENTS=--remote-debugging-port=9222` environment variable, you can add a new REGKEY `<myApp.exe> = --remote-debugging-port=9222` to registry under `Computer\HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\WebView2\AdditionalBrowserArguments`, so that the debugger can find the proper port. 

Reviewer: Its nice to separate the registry value name from its data:

```suggestion
> Instead of setting the `WEBVIEW2_ADDITIONAL_BROWSER_ARGUMENTS` environment variable, you can add a new registry value named `<myApp.exe>` with data `--remote-debugging-port=9222` to the registry under registry key `Computer\HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\WebView2\AdditionalBrowserArguments`, so that the debugger can find the proper port. See [WewbView2 browser flags](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/concepts/webview-features-flags) for more information.
```

   ![The resulting registry key in the Registry Editor](./debug-visual-studio-code-images/set-debugging-port-registry-key.png)

> > Instead of adding the above registry key, you can set `WEBVIEW2_ADDITIONAL_BROWSER_ARGUMENTS=--remote-debugging-port=9222` environment variable. Make sure that your application was started after the environment variable had been set, and that your application inherits the variable.

Reviewer: Similarly nice to separate the env var name and value. Especially since the value also includes an '=' which we're trying to use to delimit the name from the value.

```suggestion
> Instead of adding the above registry key, you can set the `WEBVIEW2_ADDITIONAL_BROWSER_ARGUMENTS` environment variable to `--remote-debugging-port=9222`. Make sure that your application was started after the environment variable had been set, and that your application inherits the variable. See [WewbView2 browser flags](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/concepts/webview-features-flags) for more information.
```
